Is there anything wrong with Miss Shen's appointment with me today?
It's not for Rongzhi brother
Why is Big Sweet and Sour not in the company today?
Oh, it's his sister's death.
He and Mr. Rong worshiped
I heard that Mr. Rong also specializes in from Henan
Airlifted his sister's favorite
Black Tulip
Just an empty box
Not even the corpse beat a fart
Why haven't you driven Tiantian away? It's useless.
Miss Shen, you think too highly of me
His sister is Rongrong's white moonlight
He is a white moonlight
The company sells tens of millions of pairs.
For me, if it weren't for Mr. Rong
Look, I still have such a little talent
You'd have let me go
Little bitch fox
See what I can do with him when I have time
But this white moonlight
It's all men's hearts
Dragon loves my dog, loves me
It's natural to think of him as sweet
But you're different.
You are Mr. Long's fiancee
You can't make the mistress sad
You don't have to fan the flames here
Don't forget to be the director of Tiantian
The first one to kick out is you.
If you don't want to get fired
Give me a close warning of his actions
Once he seduces the honors
You have to report to me immediately
Shen Wancai is right
The enemy of the enemy cannot
want
Isn't this Manager Qiao and Miss Shen?
What kind of big road repair factory is this?
I'd better stay first, Brother Long
I'm having dinner with Xiao Yang, let's eat together
You are the only one who has eyes
Manager Joe
Don't you feel constrained to eat with us?
Manager Tian feels uninhibited
How could I possibly feel restrained?
Joanne is my second brother's girlfriend
It is my sister-in-law after Brother Rong and I
What is there to restrain a family?
It's you, what is your identity?
I heard that the second young master is a passionate person
Who doesn't know the people in the circle?
He changes girlfriends faster than
The clothes are faster.
If Manager Qiao wants to enter the Rong family and become the second wife
I'm afraid it won't be easy
Miss Shen, will he cheat on the second young master?
I've never heard of it.
So does he have any broken exes?
No, the second brother breaks every time
Does he have any white moonlight that he never forgets?